Q1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs? 
Ans: Functions reduce the need for duplicate code. This makes programs shorter, easier to read, and easier to update. 

Q2. When does the code in a function execute: when the function is defined or when the function is called? 
Ans: The code in a function executes when the function is called, not when the function is defined. 

Q3. What statement creates a function? 
Ans: The def statement defines (that is, creates) a function. 

Q4. What is the difference between a function and a function call? 
Ans: A function consists of the def statement and the code in its def clause. 
A function call is what moves the program execution into the function, and the function call evaluates to the function's return value. 

Q5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes? 
Ans: There is one global scope, and a local scope is created whenever a function is called. 

Q6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns? 
Ans: When a function returns, the local scope is destroyed, and all the variables in it are forgotten. 

Q7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression? 
Ans: A return value is the value that a function call evaluates to. Like any value, a return value can be used as part of an expression. 

Q8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function? 
Ans: If there is no return statement for a function, its return value is None. 

Q9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable? 
Ans: A global statement will force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable. 

Q10. What is the data type of None? 
Ans: The data type of None is NoneType. 

Q11. What does the statement import areallyourpetsnamederic  do? 
Ans: That import statement imports a module named areallyourpetsnamederic. (This isn't a real Python module, by the way.) 

Q12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module , what would you call it after importing spam? 
Ans: This function can be called with spam.bacon(). 

Q13. what can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?  
Ans: Place the line of code that might cause an error in a try clause. 

Q14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause? 
Ans: The code that could potentially cause an error goes in the try clause. 
The code that executes if an error happens goes in the except clause. 
